convert feature-flag-apple-store example to Edge Config (#475)
vercel/examples: edge-functions/feature-flag-apple-store/README.md

http://localhost:3000/api/store/close
```

> Alternatively you can use the Edge Config UI in your on vercel.com to update the `featureFlagsAppleStore_storeClosed` value directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can use the Edge Config UI in your Vercel dashboard to update the `featureFlagsAppleStore_storeClosed` value directly.
```
